==
I have listed some possible changes in the order they appear in the text file.
I have used just the part of the message with the change, rather than the whole thing each time.
A few are corrections and most are just suggestions for consideration.
Good Luck...


Note:
`Panelling` is UK spelling
`Paneling` is US spelling


Bathroom:

there is an impressive tub recessed in the floor ->
there is an impressive tub recessed into the floor


Garden, Magnoglia tree:
Magnoglia -> 
Magnolia


Upper road, south:
you can enter in a bakery, in a haberdashery, and into a bicycles and bikes repair workshop. ->
you can enter a bakery, a haberdashery or a bicycle and motorbike repair shop.   (?)


Upper road, north:
You have arrived at the entrance of the village, ->
You have arrived at the entrance to the village, 

next to the road that passes the upper part of it. ->
beside the road that passes the upper part of it. 


Small harbour:
delimit a canal in the harbour. ->
delimit a channel in the harbour.


Alley:
Leaves and acorns that have fallen from the trees creak under your feet as you walk among them. ->
Leaves and acorns that have fallen from the trees crunch under your feet as you walk among them.


Rose garden:
cared by skilful hands. ->
cared for by skilful hands.


Stonemason's workshop:
Decorative marble plates are hung to the wall and showcase the products sold. ->
Decorative marble plates are hung to the wall which showcase the products sold.


Your father's office.:
He is probably thinking to a new engine or something similar. ->
He is probably designing a new engine or something similar.


East Balcony:
You are on a balcony, where you see mountains in front of you across the valley the, among them, mount Musiné. ->
You are on a balcony, where you see mountains in front of you across the valley, among them, mount Musiné.

Toolshed:
It's an old wooden shed, in need of some repairs, as water infiltrates inside. Salvatore stores here the tools he uses for the vegetable garden. ->
It's an old wooden shed, in need of some repairs, as rain gets inside. Salvatore stores the tools he uses for the vegetable garden here. 


Tavern:
Fishermen go there after they finish their duties in the sea ->
Fishermen go there when they finish their work at sea.


Introduction (1):
You came at the ITA factory this morning  ->
You came to the ITA factory this morning 

Introduction (2):
Four days ago, you have boarded ->
Four days ago, you boarded

For the moment, it has been a nice cruise ->
So far, it has been a nice cruise

Msg.20:
Habitants of Varenna live there. ->
Inhabitants of Varenna live in them.


Msg.63:
He is an old man and is occupied cleaning a minute steam generator of a motorbike. ->
He is an old man and is occupied cleaning a minute steam generator from a motorbike.


Msg.79:
You says that you are in Varenna to test the ITA car ->
You say that you are in Varenna to test the ITA car


Msg.106:
Let's discuss there. ->
Let's talk there.


Msg.125:
wondering what was the life of the artists who worked here, ->
wondering what life was like for the artists who worked here,

Msg.143:
You have a tour around sewing articles, buttons and cloths ->
You have browse around the sewing items, buttons and cloth


Msg.302:
you should dress something ->
you should dress in something 


Msg.308
 You may go there today ->
 You can go there today


Msg.606:
A stare from the cook makes you understand it's better not explore the pantry while he can see you ->
A stare from the cook tells you it's better not explore the pantry while he can see you

Msg.623:
You can descend on the pirates' ship,
You can descend to the pirates' ship,

==

